hi guys today I'm going to have actually
got a new glandular epsilon by sonu as
you can see very brand new phone well
this is it's undetectable today I'm just
going to open for you guys and let's see
what you can do see pretty hard lock yet
just like original packaging actually
open it up and just close it again for
you guys to see like how exactly this
box is equal i want to show you very
nice indeed all the best thing about it
this is a son just check table you can
put it in the water mod anywhere and
it's obviously not gonna happen this one
i'm sure you have a rugged look hmm you
can see it looks very strong that's the
example hard plastic stuff and i look
straight up and tell this is the extra
loud speaker about 15 hours of talk time
and the pup 1500 hours of standby has
pretty much too good to be true oh to be
also do i treasure myself and i found it
actually true not exactly as i sees well
well in my charging is it's just one
point and it actually what's up up two
three four DS and that is actually
pretty pretty nice enough to see so
let's see mark this one getting
acceptable so and i'm going to show you
here today with this one as what exactly
we go to this I say we got this phone
latches and people's we got here and the
best thing about it if the three years
warranty so
I kind of thing happens no question
asked and returning to get to be
discredited as well every tiny desk got
the GPS installs that's that's the magic
stuff creates the long battery life oh
okay we got a pretty nice looking truck
center they actually pretty neat pretty
nice get this USB cable to connect click
you have to go to this yep we get a
charger here and we got this belt clip
think small thing oh that's pretty much
it I'll look see how they actually
makers guide to speak it outside and
everything so I don't know exactly how
this thing is going to walk and water
and everything you'll receive em kinda
happy showing you guys as well it's all
it's exactly going to look like and
walking around you know mud and
everything probably later on but at the
moment let's carry on and see what
exactly we got here now you can see that
the two screws in the back of the
battery cover so we actually have to go
on and cons for those to get a pretty
big such thing here let me and screw
this it's really hard to use two things
together
it's already starting to this very heavy
duty well you can see that two screws
here and as you can see it got me to
this white line is actually at rubber
thing which actually makes it waterproof
okay then we got this compartment for
the stem and the number card memory card
is not included case so catch a better
prepared for getting a battery a better
letter is a cute if memory is not that
bad either but having an MV or something
so to us can do something not too much
just exaggerating right let's get this
one's going to go n let's relate this
that's fine
so while I'm doing it let me tell you
one more thing about that I got a 2
megapixel camera as well and extra loud
speaker is it about 50 to about fifty
sixty percent louder than the actual on
that set of train myself as well so nice
entropy is clear jar beast and mother
okay let's see
system ya soon
no on a wall and what's each involve but
that's pretty much it so see you guys
later on them for the rest of the
testing thank you all right